aa=Afar:Afar
ab=Abkhazian
ae=Avestan
af=Afrikaans
ak=Akan:Akana
am=Amharic:አማርኛ
an=Aragonese:Aragonés
ar=Arabic:العربية
as=Assamese:অসমীয়া
av=Avaric:Авар
ay=Aymara:Aymar
az=Azerbaijani:Azərbaycanca
ba=Bashkir:Башкорт
be=Belarusian:Беларуская
bg=Bulgarian:Български:EU
bh=Bihari:भोजपुरी
bi=Bislama
bm=Bambara:Bamanankan
bn=Bengali:বাংলা
bo=Tibetan:Bod skad
br=Breton:Brezhoneg
bs=Bosnian:Bosanski
ca=Catalan:Català
ce=Chechen:Нохчийн
ch=Chamorro:Chamoru
co=Corsican:Corsu
cr=Cree:Nehiyaw
cs=Czech:Česky:EU
cu=Church Slavic
cv=Chuvash:Чăваш
cy=Welsh:Cymraeg
da=Danish:Dansk:EU
de=German:Deutsch:EU
dv=Divehi
dz=Dzongkha
ee=Ewe
el=Greek:Ελληνικά:EU
en=English:English:EU
eo=Esperanto
es=Spanish:Español:EU
et=Estonian:Eesti:EU
eu=Basque:Euskara
fa=Persian
ff=Fulah:Fulfulde
fi=Finnish:Suomi:EU
fj=Fijian:Na Vosa Vakaviti
fo=Faroese:Føroyskt
fr=French:Français:EU
fy=Western Frisian:Frysk
ga=Irish:Gaeilge:EU
gd=Scottish Gaelic:Gàidhlig
gl=Galician:Galego
gn=Guarani:Avañe'ẽ
gu=Gujarati:ગુજરાતી
gv=Manx:Gaelg
ha=Hausa:هَوُسَ
he=Hebrew:עברית
hi=Hindi:हिन्दी
ho=Hiri Motu
hr=Croatian:Hrvatski:EU
ht=Haitian:Krèyol ayisyen
hu=Hungarian:Magyar:EU
hy=Armenian:Հայերեն
hz=Herero:Otsiherero
ia=Interlingua
id=Indonesian:Bahasa Indonesia
ie=Interlingue
ig=Igbo
ii=Sichuan Yi:四川彝语
ik=Inupiaq:Iñupiak
io=Ido
is=Icelandic:Íslenska
it=Italian:Italiano:EU
iu=Inuktitut:ᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ
ja=Japanese:日本語
jv=Javanese:Basa Jawa
ka=Georgian:ქართული
kg=Kongo:KiKongo
ki=Kikuyu:Gĩkũyũ
kj=Kwanyama
kk=Kazakh:Қазақша
kl=Kalaallisut
km=Khmer:ភាសាខ្មែរ
kn=Kannada:ಕನ್ನಡ
ko=Korean:한국어
kr=Kanuri
ks=Kashmiri:كشميري
ku=Kurdish:كوردی
kv=Komi:Коми
kw=Cornish:Kernewek
ky=Kirghiz:Кыргызча
la=Latin:Latina
lb=Luxembourgish:Lëtzebuergesch
lg=Ganda:Luganda
li=Limburgish:Limburgs
ln=Lingala:Lingála
lo=Lao:ລາວ
lt=Lithuanian:Lietuvių:EU
lu=Luba-Katanga
lv=Latvian:Latviešu:EU
mg=Malagasy
mh=Marshallese:Kajin Majel
mi=Maori:Māori
mk=Macedonian:Македонски
ml=Malayalam:മലയാളം
mn=Mongolian:Монгол
mo=Moldovan:Moldovenească
mr=Marathi:मराठी
ms=Malay:Bahasa Melayu
mt=Maltese:bil-Malti:EU
my=Burmese:Myanmasa
na=Nauru:Dorerin Naoero
nb=Norwegian Bokmal
nd=North Ndebele:Sindebele
ne=Nepali:नेपाली
ng=Ndonga:Oshiwambo
nl=Dutch:Nederlands
nn=Norwegian Nynorsk:Norsk
no=Norwegian:Norsk
nr=South Ndebele:isiNdebele
nv=Navajo:Diné bizaad
ny=Chichewa:Chi-Chewa
oc=Occitan:Occitan
oj=Ojibwa:ᐊᓂᔑᓈᐯᒧᐎᓐ
om=Oromo:Oromoo
or=Oriya:ଓଡ଼ିଆ
os=Ossetian:Иронау
pa=Panjabi:ਪੰਜਾਬੀ
pi=Pali:Pāli
pl=Polish:Polski:EU
ps=Pashto:پښتو
pt=Portuguese:Português:EU
qu=Quechua:Runa Simi
rm=Raeto-Romance:Rumantsch
rn=Kirundi:Kirundi
ro=Romanian:Română:EU
ru=Russian:Русский
rw=Kinyarwanda
sa=Sanskrit:संस्कृतम्
sc=Sardinian:Sardu
sd=Sindhi:सिनधि
se=Northern Sami:Sámegiella
sg=Sango:Sängö
si=Sinhala:සිංහල
sk=Slovak:Slovenčina:EU
sl=Slovenian:Slovenščina:EU
sm=Samoan:Gagana Samoa
sn=Shona:chiShona
so=Somali:Soomaaliga
sq=Albanian:Shqip
sr=Serbian:Српски
ss=Swati:SiSwati
st=Southern Sotho:Sesotho
su=Sundanese:Basa Sunda
sv=Swedish:Svenska:EU
sw=Swahili:Kiswahili
ta=Tamil:தமிழ்
te=Telugu:తెలుగు
tg=Tajik:Тоҷикӣ
th=Thai:ไทย
ti=Tigrinya:ትግርኛ
tk=Turkmen:Туркмен
tl=Tagalog
tn=Tswana:Setswana
to=Tonga:Lea Faka-Tonga
tr=Turkish:Türkçe
ts=Tsonga:Xitsonga
tt=Tatar:Tatarça
tw=Twi
ty=Tahitian:Reo Mā`ohi
ug=Uighur:Uyƣurqə
uk=Ukrainian:Українська
ur=Urdu:اردو
uz=Uzbek:Ўзбек
ve=Venda:Tshivenḓa
vi=Vietnamese:Việtnam
vo=Volapuk
wa=Walloon:Walon
wo=Wolof
xh=Xhosa:isiXhosa
yi=Yiddish:ייִדיש
yo=Yoruba:Yorùbá
za=Zhuang:Cuengh
zh=Chinese:中文
zu=Zulu:isiZulu